{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"metadata": {"doc_id": "d74c6c9bd4b5d4040e0a1d48b7b3440d", "source": "NexaCorp Policy Handbook v5.2", "part": "3. Human Resources Policies", "section": "3.1 Recruitment, Selection & Onboarding", "subsection": "3.1.2 Recruitment Process", "raw_content": "Hiring Manager submits an approved headcount request (HC-REQ form) through HRIS, attaching an updated role profile aligned to the NexaCorp Job Architecture Framework (JAF). HR Talent Acquisition (TA) assigns a dedicated recruiter who develops a sourcing strategy within 5 business days of HC-REQ approval. Job postings are published simultaneously on the internal career portal (minimum 5 business days) and external job boards. Internal candidates must be given equal consideration. All shortlisted candidates undergo a structured interview process using NexaCorp's Competency-Based Interview (CBI) methodology. A minimum of 3 interviewers is required for any roles at Grade 6 and above. Reference checks (minimum 2 professional references) are mandatory for all external hires. Background screening (criminal, education, employment verification) is conducted in compliance with local law. Offers of employment are extended exclusively in writing through the HRIS platform. Verbal offers are non-binding. Candidates must not commence work until a signed offer letter and all mandatory pre-employment checks have been satisfactorily completed.", "type": "text"}, "page_content": "Hiring Manager submits an approved headcount request (HC-REQ form) through HRIS, attaching an updated role profile aligned to the NexaCorp Job Architecture Framework (JAF). HR Talent Acquisition (TA) assigns a dedicated recruiter who develops a sourcing strategy within 5 business days of HC-REQ approval. Job postings are published simultaneously on the internal career portal (minimum 5 business days) and external job boards. Internal candidates must be given equal consideration. All shortlisted candidates undergo a structured interview process using NexaCorp's Competency-Based Interview (CBI) methodology. A minimum of 3 interviewers is required for any roles at Grade 6 and above. Reference checks (minimum 2 professional references) are mandatory for all external hires. Background screening (criminal, education, employment verification) is conducted in compliance with local law. Offers of employment are extended exclusively in writing through the HRIS platform. Verbal offers are non-binding. Candidates must not commence work until a signed offer letter and all mandatory pre-employment checks have been satisfactorily completed.", "type": "Document"}}